hi this is presto Locker this puzzle has
gone viral on Facebook and is generating
a lot of discussion can you solve it if
Teresa's daughter is my daughter's
mother then what is my relationship to
Teresa am i her grandmother her mother
her daughter her granddaughter or I am
Teresa give this problem a try and when
you're ready keep watching the video for
the solution so I'd like to think about
this problem in terms of the family tree
Teresa has a daughter and I have a
daughter and that daughter of Teresa is
the mother of that daughter so I need to
figure out my relationship to Teresa and
it's going to be at the same level as
the daughter or one level below Teresa
so I am Teresa cannot be the answer
because that's at the same level as
Teresa Teresa's mother is one level
above and Teresa's grandmother is two
levels above Teresa's granddaughter will
be two levels below Teresa so that's
also not a correct answer choice so we
can eliminate all of these answer
choices so intuitively most people come
to the conclusion that it might be that
you are Teresa son-in-law and that could
be a possible answer because it would be
at the same level and it could be the
case that that's the answer but it's not
one of the options so we want to remove
son-in-law since that's not one of our
options
so what we're left with is that your
relationship is that you are Teresa's
daughter and this fits in with what
we've deduced so far that you should be
at the same level as Teresa's daughter
so that could be the case that you are
Teresa's daughter so we put an equal
sign here and we get rid of that
relationship between the daughter so you
actually are the daughter so this is a
very verbose way of saying you are
Teresa's daughter did you figure it out
thanks for watching this video please
subscribe to my channel I make videos on
math and game theory you can catch me on
my blog mind your decisions which you
can follow on Facebook Google+ and
patreon you can catch me on social media
at pressure Locker and if you liked this
video please check out my books I've
written books about math and math
puzzles and they're links in the video
description